Update README.md contributor and release docs (#237)
Lullabot/drainpipe: README.md

    - apt-get install -y libldap2-dev
    - docker-php-ext-install ldap
```

## Contributor Docs

This repo is public.

Please be careful to remove sensitive customer specifics when posting Issues or comments.

> Firsttime contributors need a maintainers approval for automated tests to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First time contributors need a maintainers approval for automated tests to run.
```

    - docker-php-ext-install ldap
```

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer 2: Conflict remains here.

  visualdiff:
```

## Contributor Docs

This repo is public.

Please be careful to remove sensitive customer specifics when posting Issues or comments.

First time contributors need a maintainers approval for automated tests to run.
(This is so we aren't at risk of getting a big CI bill accidentally, or maliciously.)

Peer Reviewing by looking at PR code changes is nice.

Testing PR code changes on real sites is extra beneficial.

### Peer Review Guidelines for Automated Updates

These are guidelines for conducting peer reviews on automated dependency update pull requests created by Renovate.

> #### Overview

Reviewer 2: Do we need an overview section here? Could it not just be a part of this section above with only one sentence?

Reviewer 2: cc @mrdavidburns just trying to figure out the best way to merge this new section with the work that was merged in https://github.com/Lullabot/drainpipe/pull/411
